Update the IN124 error (#2637)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated the **validate** and **update-release-notes** commands to skip the *Triggers Recommendations* content type.
* Added a new validation to the **validate** command to verify that the release notes headers are in the correct format.
* Changed the **validate** command to fail on the IN140 error code only when the skipped integration has no unit tests.

> * Changed the **validate** command to don't fall on the IN124 error code when the parameter is of type 4 and is replaced with a new parameter of type 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed **validate** to allow hiding parameters of type 4 (secret) when replacing with type 9 (credentials) with the same name.
```
